houston
[Music]
hello everybody knows that norpro and
the day when is for a new
video I will teach you routes and all
android so to have supervisor
would like a link in the description this
will be in the air mediafire with a link that
I put on mediafire so it will be a
principle of supervisors 3.0.7 file
well because it must be so should the
so download me as I have a
file explorer is asking me so
wanted to download then you go in
your file explorer me
I try explorers you go in
download from your phone
so give it to the vote on the phone the
hall as I already downloaded a aï
once he downloaded a second
times deletes it so you do to then
we make you copy you go on the
root of your phone not your
SD card from your phone by the way
so stick me me guys but you
sticks and removes 1 that's it
on the phone
after copying pasted on the root of
your phone you should just
turn off your phone and get
found immediately for the second
part
so here you have turned off your
android and after that it will have to put
your android in recovery mode so no
do that you will need to support
on the power home button and volume +
simultaneously for about four
seconds and the guardian forced until
that when the screen appears you
count to 2 seconds and you
release everything so he's not going to turn on
enormously he's going to put the phone in
mode of recovery so you will have to manipulate
the slider with volume + and - and you
have to go in a hip hop style sd
map went into this infernal cauldron
SD card so normally
like me I am also a fashionable object
it's not like everyone else but
you find until you have all the
your phone's folders
both enormously the file that
you put at the root of your
phone lies lies while
bottom of all these folders so you the
choose you press the button
home power you choose it there will be
a mini load is really not
very long and you do go back and
reboot does not normally have the file
no we after you have click
enormously he has a plaid or
complete but not hero
normally if you missed
abbas errors but usually that would be
so not normally everything has to go well
move on and then you have that to do the
full and you will check if their
high works well
so here is after you is realized to
step number 1 and 2 you have super
users who will appear in your menu
of applications and to be sure that you
are road and download listening shaker
on the place because sometimes I'm
not a goat will download but you
can not use all
applications you press
check gross access is normally
you have a message at sea so here you go
that's all for today
I wanted to show how to taste all
the android through a supervisor so
do not forget to apply and
comment subscribe to be known
a new video with chao